LICENSE
LICENSE.md
README.md
__init__.py
setup.py
skill.json
version.py
locale/ca-es/dialog/and.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/condition/clear sky.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-loaction.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/ca-es/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/ca-es/regex/location.rx
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/do.i.need.an.umbrella.intent
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/ca-es/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/da-dk/dialog/and.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/condition/clear sky.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/da-dk/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/da-dk/regex/location.rx
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/do-i-need-an-umbrella-intent
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/da-dk/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/de-de/dialog/and.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/clear sky.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/clear-sky.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/clouds.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/humidity.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-humidity-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/current/currrent-clouds-alternative-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/error/forty-eight-hours-available.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/error/seven-days-available.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/weekly/weekly-condition.dialog
locale/de-de/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/de-de/regex/location.rx
locale/de-de/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/like.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/outside.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/do-i-need-an-umbrella.intent
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/do.i.need.an.umbrella.intent
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/few.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/number-days.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/de-de/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/de-de/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/en-us/dialog/and.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/condition/clear-sky.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/condition/clouds.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/condition/humidity.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-humidity-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/current/currrent-clouds-alternative-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/error/forty-eight-hours-available.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/error/seven-days-available.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/weekly/weekly-condition.dialog
locale/en-us/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/en-us/regex/location.rx
locale/en-us/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/like.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/outside.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/do-i-need-an-umbrella.intent
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/few.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/number-days.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/en-us/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/en-us/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/es-es/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/condition/humidity.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/es-es/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/es-es/regex/location.rx
locale/es-es/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/es-es/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/eu-eu/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/condition/clear-sky.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/condition/clouds.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/condition/humidity.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-humidity-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/current/currrent-clouds-alternative-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/error/forty-eight-hours-available.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/error/seven-days-available.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/eu-eu/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/eu-eu/regex/location.rx
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/do-i-need-an-umbrella.intent
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/few.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/number-days.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/eu-eu/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/fr-fr/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/fr-fr/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/fr-fr/regex/location.rx
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/fr-fr/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/gl-es/dialog/and.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/condition/clear sky.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/condition/percentage-number.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/gl-es/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/gl-es/regex/location.rx
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/do.i.need.an.umbrella.intent
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/gl-es/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/it-it/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/it-it/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/it-it/regex/location.rx
locale/it-it/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/do.i.need.an.umbrella.intent
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/it-it/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/it-it/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/nl-nl/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/nl-nl/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/nl-nl/regex/location.rx
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/nl-nl/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/pl-pl/dialog/and.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/condition/clear-sky.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/condition/clouds.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/condition/humidity.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-humidity-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/current/currrent-clouds-alternative-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/error/forty-eight-hours-available.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/error/seven-days-available.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/weekly/weekly-condition.dialog
locale/pl-pl/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/pl-pl/regex/location.rx
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/like.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/outside.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/do-i-need-an-umbrella.intent
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/few.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/number-days.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/pl-pl/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/pt-br/dialog/and.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/condition/clear sky.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/pt-br/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/pt-br/regex/location.rx
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/do.i.need.an.umbrella.intent
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/pt-br/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/ru-ru/dialog/and.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/clear-sky.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/clouds.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/humidity.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-humidity-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/current/currrent-clouds-alternative-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-weather-loation.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/error/forty-eight-hours-available.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/error/seven-days-available.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/weekly/weekly-condition.dialog
locale/ru-ru/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/ru-ru/regex/location.rx
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/like.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/outside.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/do-i-need-an-umbrella.intent
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/few.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/number-days.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/ru-ru/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/sv-se/dialog/and.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/condition/clear sky.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/condition/no precipitation expected.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/condition/precipitation expected.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-alternative-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/sv-se/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/sv-se/regex/location.rx
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/do.i.need.an.umbrella.intent
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/temperature/fog.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/sv-se/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
locale/uk-ua/dialog/and.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/percentage-number.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/condition/clear-sky.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/condition/clear.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/condition/clouds.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/condition/humidity.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/condition/rain.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/condition/snow.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/condition/thunderstorm.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-humidity-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-humidity-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-sunrise-future-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-sunrise-past-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-sunset-future-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-sunset-past-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-temperature-high-low.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-temperature-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-temperature-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-weather-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-weather-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/current-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/current/currrent-clouds-alternative-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-condition-not-expected-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-humidity-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-precipitation-next-none-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-sunrise-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-sunset-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-high-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-temperature-low-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-weather-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-weather-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-wind-light-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-wind-moderate-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/daily/daily-wind-strong-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/direction/east.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/direction/north.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/direction/northeast.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/direction/northwest.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/direction/south.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/direction/southeast.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/direction/southwest.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/direction/west.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/error/cant-get-forecast.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/error/forty-eight-hours-available.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/error/location-not-found.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/error/no-forecast.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/error/seven-days-available.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/hourly/hourly-condition-expected-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/hourly/hourly-precipitation-next-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/hourly/hourly-temperature-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-local.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/hourly/hourly-weather-location.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/unit/celsius.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/unit/fahrenheit.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/unit/meters per second.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/unit/miles per hour.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/weekly/weekly-condition.dialog
locale/uk-ua/dialog/weekly/weekly-temperature.dialog
locale/uk-ua/regex/location.rx
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/forecast.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/like.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/location.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/outside.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/sunrise.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/sunset.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/weather.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/clear.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/clouds.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/do-i-need-an-umbrella.intent
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/fog.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/humidity.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/precipitation.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/rain.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/snow.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/thunderstorm.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/condition/windy.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/couple.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/few.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/later.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/next.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/now.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/number-days.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/relative-day.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/relative-time.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/today.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/week.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/date-time/weekend.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-current.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/query/confirm-query-future.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/query/confirm-query.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/query/how.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/query/query.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/query/when.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/temperature/cold.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/temperature/high.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/temperature/hot.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/temperature/low.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/temperature/temperature.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/unit/fahrenheit.voc
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/unit/unit.entity
locale/uk-ua/vocabulary/unit/unit.voc
neon_skill_weather.egg-info/PKG-INFO
neon_skill_weather.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
neon_skill_weather.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
neon_skill_weather.egg-info/entry_points.txt
neon_skill_weather.egg-info/requires.txt
neon_skill_weather.egg-info/top_level.txt
skill/__init__.py
skill/api.py
skill/config.py
skill/dialog.py
skill/intent.py
skill/util.py
skill/weather.py
ui/DailyColumn.qml
ui/DailyColumnScalable.qml
ui/DailyDelegateScalable.qml
ui/HourlyColumn.qml
ui/WeatherDate.qml
ui/WeatherDelegateMarkII.qml
ui/WeatherDelegateScalable.qml
ui/WeatherImage.qml
ui/WeatherLabel.qml
ui/WeatherLocation.qml
ui/current_1_mark_ii.qml
ui/current_1_scalable.qml
ui/current_2_mark_ii.qml
ui/current_2_scalable.qml
ui/daily_mark_ii.qml
ui/daily_scalable.qml
ui/hourly_mark_ii.qml
ui/qmldir
ui/single_day_mark_ii.qml
ui/sunrise_sunset_mark_ii.qml
ui/animations/clouds.json
ui/animations/fog.json
ui/animations/partial_clouds.json
ui/animations/rain.json
ui/animations/sleet.json
ui/animations/snow.json
ui/animations/storm.json
ui/animations/sun.json
ui/images/clouds.svg
ui/images/fog.svg
ui/images/high_temperature.svg
ui/images/humidity.svg
ui/images/low_temperature.svg
ui/images/moon.svg
ui/images/partial_clouds_day.svg
ui/images/partial_clouds_night.svg
ui/images/rain.svg
ui/images/snow.svg
ui/images/storm.svg
ui/images/sun.svg
ui/images/sunrise.svg
ui/images/sunset.svg
ui/images/wind.svg