{% raw %} <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-condition-undiagnosed-rd-case.html">RareLink Condition for Undiagnosed RD Case</a> <p>A RareLink-specific Condition profile for documenting undiagnosed rare disease cases based on the IPS Condition profile.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-consent.html">RareLink Consent</a> <p>A RareLink-specific Consent profile based on the Consent resource.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-diagnostic-implication.html">RareLink Diagnostic Implication Observation</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile extending the HL7 Genomics Reporting 'diagnostic-implication' profile
for documenting diagnostic significance, evidence levels, and associated phenotypes
(genetic_findings.diagnostic_implication).</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-encounter.html">RareLink Encounter</a> <p>A RareLink-specific Encounter profile based on the Encounter resource.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-familyhistory.html">RareLink Family History</a> <p>A RareLink-specific FamilyMemberHistory profile based on the FamilyMemberHistory resource.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-genetic-variant.html">RareLink Genetic Variant Observation</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for documenting genetic findings
(genetic_findings.variant), based on the HL7 Genomics Reporting variant profile.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-condition.html">RareLink IPS Condition</a> <p>A RareLink-specific Condition profile based on the IPS Condition profile.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-measurement-laboratory.html">RareLink IPS Measurement Laboratory</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for laboratory measurements based on the IPS Observation profile.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-measurement-radiology.html">RareLink IPS Measurement Radiology</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for radiology measurements based on the IPS Observation profile.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-patient.html">RareLink IPS Patient</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for the IPS Patient resource.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-procedure.html">RareLink IPS Procedure</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for the IPS Procedure resource.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-observation-age-category.html">RareLink Observation Age Category</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for capturing the age category of
a patient as an observation, based on the ERDRI-CDS value set.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-observation-gestation-at-birth.html">RareLink Observation Gestation at Birth</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for capturing gestation length at birth.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-karyotypic-sex.html">RareLink Observation Karyotypic Sex</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for capturing karyotypic sex information.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-observation-measurements-others.html">RareLink Observation Measurements (Others)</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for measurements that do not fall under IPS laboratory, radiology, procedures, or vital signs.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-phenotypic-feature.html">RareLink Observation Phenotypic Feature</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for capturing phenotypic features.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-observation-vital-signs.html">RareLink Vital Signs Measurements</a> <p>A RareLink-specific profile for vital signs measurements.</p>
</li>
{% endraw %}