{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-age-at-diagnosis-vs.html">Age at Diagnosis Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing age at diagnosis.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-age-at-onset-vs.html">Age at Onset Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing age at onset.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-age-category-vs.html">Age Category Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing the age category of a patient.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-age-of-onset-vs.html">Age of Onset Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing the age of onset for phenotypes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-agreement-to-be-contacted-vs.html">Agreement to Be Contacted Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing agreement to be contacted for research.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-clinical-significance-vs.html">Clinical Significance Value Set</a> </td><td><p>LOINC LA codes for the clinical significance of a variant.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-consanguinity-vs.html">Consanguinity Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for indicating whether there is consanguinity in the family relationship.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-consent-to-reuse-vs.html">Consent to Reuse Data Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing consent to reuse data.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-dna-change-type-vs.html">DNA Change Type Value Set</a> </td><td><p>LOINC LA codes enumerating various DNA change types.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-encounter-class-vs.html">Encounter Class Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for encounter classes, including custom RareLink-specific codes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-family-relationship-vs.html">Family Relationship Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing family member relationships.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-family-sex-vs.html">Family Member Sex Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing the sex of a family member.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-genomic-source-class-vs.html">Genomic Source Class Value Set</a> </td><td><p>LOINC LA codes enumerating germline, somatic, fetal, etc.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-karyotypic-sex-vs.html">Karyotypic Sex Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing karyotypic sex.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-level-of-evidence-vs.html">Level of Evidence Value Set</a> </td><td><p>LOINC LA codes describing evidence strength for a variant.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-phenotype-status-vs.html">Phenotype Status Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing phenotype status.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-phenotypie-severity-vs.html">Phenotype Severity Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing phenotype severity.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-propositus-vs.html">Propositus Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for indicating whether the family member is the propositus.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-reference-genome-vs.html">Reference Genome Value Set</a> </td><td><p>LOINC LA codes specifying the reference genome build.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-severity-vs.html">Severity Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for severity levels of conditions.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-sex-at-birth-vs.html">Sex at Birth Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing the sex assigned at birth.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-structural-variant-method-vs.html">Structural Variant Method Value Set</a> </td><td><p>LOINC LA codes enumerating methods for detecting structural variants.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-temporal-pattern-vs.html">Temporal Pattern Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing the temporal pattern of phenotypic features.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-undiagnosed-rd-case-vs.html">Undiagnosed Rare Disease Case Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing undiagnosed rare disease cases.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-vital-status-vs.html">Vital Status Value Set</a> </td><td><p>Value set for capturing the vital status of the patient.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="ValueSet-zygosity-vs.html">Zygosity Value Set</a> </td><td><p>LOINC LA codes enumerating various zygosity states.</p>
</td></tr>
{% endraw %}