{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-age-at-diagnosis.xml.html">Age at Diagnosis</a> </td><td><p>ERDRI-CDS - The age at which the condition was diagnosed.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-age-at-onset.xml.html">Age at Onset</a> </td><td><p>ERDRI-CDS - The age at which the condition first appeared.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-agreement-to-be-contacted.xml.html">Agreement to Be Contacted</a> </td><td><p>ERDRI-CDS - Agreement to be contacted for research purposes.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-birthplace.xml.html">Birth Place</a> </td><td><p>The patient's place of birth.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cause-of-death.xml.html">Cause of Death</a> </td><td><p>The cause of death for the patient.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cause-of-death-code.xml.html">Cause of Death Code</a> </td><td><p>The ICD-10 code representing the cause of death.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-cause-of-death-definition.xml.html">Cause of Death Definition</a> </td><td><p>The SNOMED CT definition of the cause of death concept.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-consanguinity.xml.html">Consanguinity</a> </td><td><p>Indicates whether there is consanguinity in the family relationship.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-consent-to-reuse-data.xml.html">Consent to Reuse Data</a> </td><td><p>ERDRI-CDS - Consent to the reuse of data.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-date-of-admission.xml.html">Date of Admission</a> </td><td><p>The date of the patient's admission.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-phenotype-modifier.xml.html">Phenotype Modifier</a> </td><td><p>Captures modifiers for the phenotypic feature, such as severity or specific classifications.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-phenotype-status.xml.html">Phenotype Status</a> </td><td><p>Captures the status of a phenotypic feature, such as confirmed present or refuted.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-propositus.xml.html">Propositus</a> </td><td><p>Indicates whether the family member is the propositus.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-observation-age-category.xml.html">RareLink Observation Age Category</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for capturing the age category of
a patient as an observation, based on the ERDRI-CDS value set.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-condition-undiagnosed-rd-case.xml.html">RareLink Condition for Undiagnosed RD Case</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific Condition profile for documenting undiagnosed rare disease cases based on the IPS Condition profile.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-consent.xml.html">RareLink Consent</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific Consent profile based on the Consent resource.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-diagnostic-implication.xml.html">RareLink Diagnostic Implication Observation</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile extending the HL7 Genomics Reporting 'diagnostic-implication' profile
for documenting diagnostic significance, evidence levels, and associated phenotypes
(genetic_findings.diagnostic_implication).</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-encounter.xml.html">RareLink Encounter</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific Encounter profile based on the Encounter resource.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-familyhistory.xml.html">RareLink Family History</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific FamilyMemberHistory profile based on the FamilyMemberHistory resource.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-genetic-variant.xml.html">RareLink Genetic Variant Observation</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for documenting genetic findings
(genetic_findings.variant), based on the HL7 Genomics Reporting variant profile.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-observation-gestation-at-birth.xml.html">RareLink Observation Gestation at Birth</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for capturing gestation length at birth.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-condition.xml.html">RareLink IPS Condition</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific Condition profile based on the IPS Condition profile.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-measurement-laboratory.xml.html">RareLink IPS Measurement Laboratory</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for laboratory measurements based on the IPS Observation profile.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-measurement-radiology.xml.html">RareLink IPS Measurement Radiology</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for radiology measurements based on the IPS Observation profile.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-observation-measurements-others.xml.html">RareLink Observation Measurements (Others)</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for measurements that do not fall under IPS laboratory, radiology, procedures, or vital signs.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-observation-vital-signs.xml.html">RareLink Vital Signs Measurements</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for vital signs measurements.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-patient.xml.html">RareLink IPS Patient</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for the IPS Patient resource.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-ips-procedure.xml.html">RareLink IPS Procedure</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for the IPS Procedure resource.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-karyotypic-sex.xml.html">RareLink Observation Karyotypic Sex</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for capturing karyotypic sex information.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-rarelink-phenotypic-feature.xml.html">RareLink Observation Phenotypic Feature</a> </td><td><p>A RareLink-specific profile for capturing phenotypic features.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-recorded-sex-at-birth.xml.html">Recorded Sex at Birth</a> </td><td><p>The sex assigned to the patient at birth.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-resolution-date.xml.html">Resolution Date</a> </td><td><p>The date when the phenotypic feature resolved.</p>
</td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="StructureDefinition-vital-status.xml.html">Vital Status</a> </td><td><p>Coded representation of a patient's vital status</p>
</td></tr>
{% endraw %}